Add Get Namespace Limits API (#4899)
apache/openwhisk: docs/rest_api.md

```bash
curl -u $AUTH https://$APIHOST/api/v1/namespaces/_/activations/f81dfddd7156401a8a6497f2724fec7b
```

## Limits

To get the limits set for a namespace (i.e. invocationsPerMinute, concurrentInvocations, firesPerMinute)
```bash
curl -u $AUTH https://$APIHOST/api/v1/namespaces/_/limits
```

> Note that the default system values are returned if no limit is set in couchdb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the default system values are returned if no specific limits are set for the user corresponding to the authenticated identity.
```
